Optimized supervisor field tracking (#2279)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2021.md

    - Changed the rendering engine of the streaming viewer and of the animations for WREN ([#2769](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2769)).
    - Added the `redColorSensitivity` field to [DistanceSensor](distancesensor.md) that allows tuning (or even disabling) of the red color sensitivity for an infra-red distance sensor ([#3077](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/3077)).
  - Enhancements

>     - Added pose and field tracking functions to improve performances of getting pose and field data ([#2279](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2279)).

Reviewer: Performance is always singular in English.
```suggestion
    - Added pose and field tracking functions to improve the performance of getting pose and field data ([#2279](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2279)).
```
